Update README.md (#8)
trackier/cordova_sdk: README.md

    $ npm install trackier/cordova_sdk

In case you are using Ionic Native, Please follow the below steps for integration:-

1. Install the the trackier cordova sdk by run the below commands in Terminal/Cmd.

```
$ npm install trackier/cordova_sdk
```

2. You need to add the awesome cordova plugins by run the below commands in Terminal/Cmd.

```
$ npm install @awesome-cordova-plugins
```

3. Run the below commands in Terminal/Cmd.
```
$ ionic cap sync
```

After following all the above steps, Please add the trackier folder in the the `@awesome-cordova-plugins` which is located in the `node_modules`. 

> You can downloads the trackier by the click on below link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the trackier folder by the click on below link.
```

Author: Done

Link - https://github.com/trackier/cordova_sdk/tree/main/ionic-native/trackier

Please check the below screenshots for the reference.

<img width="345" alt="Screenshot 2022-08-31 at 1 05 01 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16884982/187527379-177beea0-b5ab-4dcb-a4fe-8e6ff1e77a7d.png">

Your node_modules looks similar like above screenshots.
 

### <a id="qs-implement-trackier-sdk"></a>Integrate and Initialize the Trackier SDK

### <a id="qs-retrieve-sdk-key"></a>Retrieve your SDK key

For initialising the Trackier SDk. First, We need to generate the Sdk key from the Trackier MMP panel.

Following below are the steps to retrieve your SDK key:-

> 1.Login to your Trackier MMP account.

Reviewer: New lines not visible in the markdown @IloveJavaa

2.Select the application from dashboard which you want to get the app token for.
3.Go to SDK Integration via the left side navigation menu.
4.Copy the SDK Key there to be used as the "app_token".

> After follow all steps, Your SDK key look like the below screenshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After following all the steps, Your SDK key should look like the below screenshot
```
